# Let me tell you...

## ...about my dream
When I was in college, I was ready to see everything there was to see in the world.  All I needed was the money to pay for it - and the time to do it.  I was never one to enjoy the things in life that could be touched.  I enjoyed experiences and making memories.  I wouldn't say I was a minimalist by definition, but I knew I didn't need <em>things</em> to be happy.  In fact it was probably the opposite.  As I got out into the real world I found that the more stuff I had, the worse I felt.  I dreamt of getting rid of everything but my car, finding a place to park, and staying until I got bored before moving on.  I would work from coffee shops and beaches, meet people from every state, and generally live a life away from the rat race to...where exactly?

## ...about my life
Well at the start of my adult life, I have to say my dream dropped by the wayside and I took a more "traditional" approach.  I went to college, got a great job as an officer in the Air Force, got married, bought a house, had a kid, and was more or less dead inside.  Don't get me wrong, I had everything that everyone in the world said I should want.  I didn't have to worry about my next meal or save for years to take a vacation on a long weekend.  I had a family growing in the suburbs with a two car garage and a dog door to the backyard.  But something felt wrong to me.

When I talked to people about it, they would say something like, "Don't focus on the bad stuff.  Think of all the great things you have."  They would ask me, "What else do you want?", and my response would be, "Nothing I guess."  But that didn't mean I stopped searching.  I bought stuff I knew I didn't need, or wouldn't use, and filled closets and rooms of my oversized house even though I never went in them.  Despite everything I got, I couldn't fill the void in my life. 

##...about my change
At the beginning of 2018, I felt the tension rising in my life.  I needed space away from the suffocation I felt from family responsibilities, the suburban pressures, the constant need to get more, move faster, promote higher, blah blah blah blah blah.  I quit my job and got a new one that allowed me full time remote work - didn't help very much.  Sure I could make my own hours and work from wherever, but I ended up sitting on the couch all day inside and never getting out of my pajamas - much less the house.  I fell into a deeper depression than I was in before.

When summer came around, I just couldn't take it anymore, and I think everyone around me knew it.  If something meaningful didn't change in my life soon, I was going to lose it all

until one day it clicked that it wasn't that I didn't want anything <em>else</em>, but that I didn't want anything <em>at all</em>.

